feat: convert to sdk (#39)
splunk-soar-connectors/virustotalv3: release_notes/unreleased.md

**Unreleased**

* SDKifying the virus total app

> * Previous versions of the app would pass everyone action run for the following error codes and messages {400: "NotAvailableYet", 404: "NotFoundError", 409: "AlreadyExistsError"}. This version of the app no longer silently passes these kind of failures. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Previous versions of the app would pass every action run with the following error codes and messages {400: "NotAvailableYet", 404: "NotFoundError", 409: "AlreadyExistsError"}. This version of the app no longer silently passes these kinds of failures. 
```
